Part C.You should write your homework in a file called hw2.txt. Submit your homework via git as described in the last question. Put your git link in the homework.Create a new git repository somewhere in your file system, and configure a remote (called whatever you want, What command did you use to configure the remote?git remote add origin https://github.com/roquin/swe525partc.gitInstead of creating a new git repository and configuring it with this remote, I could have asked you to git clone the repo from afs. If you had done so, what would the output of git remote -v be?Run git fetch remotename (substituting your remote name for remotename).Did anything appear in your working directory? Why?Yes. There is another repository folder which is downloaded from the new clone place.Update your local master branch with the remote one, and give the command you used to do so.Your working directory should have been updated. You should check that. That means the master branch was updated on the remote. But it's possible that when we ran git fetch, we fetched other branches as well! How could we (i.e. what command could we use) find all the branches we may have gotten from the remote?Spoiler: there's another branch. Check it out, find the file on that branch, and give the first five letters of that file as well as the command you used to checkout the branch. NOTE: It's very bad practice to directly git checkout the remote-tracking branch. Instead, try to checkout the branch so that it creates a local branch based on the remote-tracking branch. If you're not sure how (it's pretty easy to guess, though), you can look it up.You're going to be submitting your homework on the master branch, so you may want to git checkout back there.What is a bare repository? What makes it different from normal repositories? In what situations is it used?Repositories created with the git init command are called working directories. In the top level folder of the repository you will find two things:A .git subfolder with all the git related revision history of your repoA working tree, or checked out copies of your project files.Repositories created with git init --bare are called bare repos. They are structured a bit differently from working directories. First off, they contain no working or checked out copy of your source files. And second, bare repos store git revision history of your repo in the root folder of your repository instead of in a .git subfolder. Note… bare repositories are customarily given a .git extension.Difference between a bare and non-bare repository is that a bare repository does not have a default remote origin repositoryIn lecture, I was careful to explain the two-step procedure of using git fetch and git merge remotename/branchname to get commits from a remote. When would this be a good idea as opposed to simply doing git pull remotename branchname? Briefly discuss remote-tracking branches and their relevance in your answer.I didn't ask you to do this, but suppose I asked you to make a commit on the 'other' branch. If I wanted you to push this branch, what command would you use?git checkout other//make some changesgit add .git commit –m “push something to other branch”git pushSubmit this homework by typing your answers to these questions in a file called hw2.txt. You should commit this on the master branch of your repository. Most importantly, make sure to push the master branch!